docs: add contract guide (#351)
valory-xyz/open-aea: docs/creating-contracts.md

2. Initialize the IPFS registry:
```bash
autonomy init --reset --author john_doe --remote --ipfs --ipfs-node "/dns/registry.autonolas.tech/tcp/443/https"
```

3. Scaffold the ERC20 contract:
```bash
aea scaffold --to-local-registry contract ERC20Contract /path/to/IERC20.json
```
You'll find the contract in the local registry at `packages/john_doe/contracts/ERC20Contract`.

4. Open the contract at `packages/john_doe/contracts/ERC20Contract/contract.py` and add the following imports at the top of the file:
```python
from aea_ledger_ethereum import EthereumApi
from typing import Optional
```

    Also add a method to retrieve balances to the `ERC20Contract` class
```python
    @classmethod
    def balance_of(
        cls, ledger_api: EthereumApi, contract_address: str, owner_address: str
    ) -> Optional[JSONLike]:
        """Gets an account's balance."""
        contract_instance = cls.get_instance(ledger_api, contract_address)

        return ledger_api.contract_method_call(
            contract_instance=contract_instance,
            method_name="balanceOf",
            owner=owner_address,
        )

> ```

Reviewer: This neatly demonstrates why the PR #262 does not achieve it's purpose. The ledger connection can automatically resolve messages specifying the target `balanceOf` to this method call. No single line of code has to be written by the dev.

Author: Yes, but at some point devs might need to have custom code in their implementation, so I think we should leave this and also add the new option.

## Step-by-step instructions

Before starting this guide, ensure that you have done one of the following things:

- You have cloned our [developer template](https://github.com/valory-xyz/dev-template). Once setup, it will generate a virtual environment with Open AEA installed, an empty local registry, some useful tools for checking packages and dummy tests.

- You have gone through the [quickstart](./quickstart.md) to verify that your machine satisfies the framework requirements and that you have followed the setup instructions so you have the Open AEA framework and the Ethereum plugin installed.

Now, let's create our contract package:

1. Download the WETH contract ABI [here](https://etherscan.io/token/0xc02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2#code): scroll down to the **Contract ABI** section and click the **copy** button on the right. Then, create a new file called `IERC20.json` and paste the content you have just copied there.

2. Initialize the IPFS registry:
```bash
autonomy init --reset --author john_doe --remote --ipfs --ipfs-node "/dns/registry.autonolas.tech/tcp/443/https"
```

3. Create an agent and scaffold the ERC20 contract:
```bash
aea create my_aea && cd my_aea

> aea scaffold --to-local-registry contract ERC20Contract /path/to/IERC20.json

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need to create the agent to scaffold the contract if you're using `--to-local-registry` flag

Author: Nice!

- You have gone through the <a href="https://open-aea.docs.autonolas.tech/quickstart/" target="_blank">quickstart</a> to verify that your machine satisfies the framework requirements and that you have followed the setup instructions so you have the Open AEA framework and the Ethereum plugin installed.

Now, let's create our contract package:

1. Download the WETH contract ABI <a href="https://etherscan.io/token/0xc02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2#code" target="_blank">here</a>: scroll down to the **Contract ABI** section and click the **copy** button on the right. Then, create a new file called `IERC20.json` and paste the content you have just copied there.

2. Initialize the IPFS registry:
```bash
autonomy init --reset --author john_doe --remote --ipfs --ipfs-node "/dns/registry.autonolas.tech/tcp/443/https"
```

3. Scaffold the ERC20 contract:
```bash
aea scaffold --to-local-registry contract ERC20Contract /path/to/IERC20.json
```
You'll find the contract in the local registry at `packages/john_doe/contracts/ERC20Contract`.

> 4. Now it is time to call the new method from an agent. Let's say that we would like to get the WETH balance for the WETH account itself. In any skill's `behaviour.py` file, first import the contract package and set the target address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now it is time to call the new method from s skill. Let's say that we would like to get the WETH balance for the WETH account itself. In any skill's `behaviour.py` file, first import the contract package and set the target address:
```
